Add TRE roles (#211)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/pillars/data_management.md

  - Mandatory
* - 3.1.5.
  - Your data egress process could sometimes require project-independent approval.

>   - There may be cases where there are multiple stakeholders for a piece of analysis including {ref}`data provider <data_roles>`s, data analysts, data subjects, the {ref}`TRE operator <admin_roles>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There may be cases where there are multiple stakeholders for a piece of analysis including {ref}`data providers <data_roles>`, data analysts, data subjects, the {ref}`TRE operator <admin_roles>`.
```

* - 3.4.1.
  - You could make a catalogue of sensitive data that you make available to users.
  - This is particularly relevant for TREs that are an interface to a common data collection.

>     This may not be appropriate for TREs where each project has its own data sharing agreement with one or more {ref}`data provider <data_roles>`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This may not be appropriate for TREs where each project has its own data sharing agreement with one or more {ref}`data providers <data_roles>`.
```

  - Guidance
  - Importance
* - 3.5.1.
  - You should keep all TRE computing infrastructure up-to-date with security patches and antivirus (if appropriate).
  - This might involve scheduling regular automated scanning and application of updates.
    Infrastructure that is isolated from the internet or immutable in some way may not need to be updated.
  - Recommended
* - 3.5.2.
  - You should conduct regular vulnerability scans of TRE infrastructure.
  - Ensuring that scans are done on a regular basis can enable {ref}`TRE operator <admin_roles>`s can identify and address weaknesses that may have been introduced during the operational lifetime of the TRE.
  - Recommended
* - 3.5.3.
  - You should regularly check the compliance of machine and resource configurations.
  - This might involve automated "desired state" enforcement or manual checks.
    It might also include checks over what actions are possible, for example, whether or not certain network connections are allowed.
  - Recommended

> * - 3.5.4.

Reviewer: Can you re-remove these please?

* - 3.6.1.
  - You must be able to specify what categories of data your TRE is able to support.
  - Your TRE must provide an explanation of the kinds of data it has been designed to hold, with reference to its security capabilities, that can be understood by all stakeholders.

>     Relevant stakeholders may include {ref}`data provider <data_roles>`s and project teams and they may have different levels of technical expertise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Relevant stakeholders may include {ref}`data providers <data_roles>` and project teams and they may have different levels of technical expertise.
```
